# CS-340
Three strategies to facilitate efficient use of time within software development are to create products that are easily maintained, easily read, and easily adapted to various needs.  My work provides maintainability with use of clear comments, descriptive variable and method naming that makes their purpose self-evident, compartmentalized code paragraphs which gather similarly-purposed logic, and utilization of well-supported and contemporary tools.  Adherence to industry standards of the programming language used and judicious application of whitespace improves readability.  Adaptability of the CRUD module of this Python project is exemplified by its non-specialized construction -- purposefully minimal in its functionality -- so that it can be recycled for use in other projects which require these same common operations for adding, retrieving, updating and deleting MongoDB documents.  

I approach problems with a flexible mindset to start.  I have gained enough experience at this early stage to recognize that to be successful, I must be ready to change my plans for how I approach a challenge.  The requirements for the project that came from the hypothetical client did not imply that there was any single set of "correct" approaches, and even the recommendations from the University proved that a particular solution is likely to work only for a short time, until unanticipated "wrenches" are thrown into the works by new releases and changing functionality.  This project was the first full-stack application in the coursework at SNHU, which required of me a far greater degree of flexibility and research than in previous courses.  This multi-layered application effectively introduced to me the concept of "gluing together" many separate components to produce a useful product.  It also reinforced the importance of using well-documented and contemporary APIs, instead of choosing somewhat less popular ones, as the documentation at crucial points was sorely lacking (for example, the lack of foundational explanations of map marker integration; all documentation available on the Leaflet "documentation" contained only narrow examples which did not fit my project's particular needs).  While I found MongoDB to be quite user-friendly and powerful, I would not recommend Leaflet (Folium with Leaflet.js seemed much more popular and usable), and am undecided about Dash.  

Computer scientists are in the business of improving how people conduct work with the help of computing devices.  Computers have a proven track record of increasing productivity by highlighting abstract truths in an understandable and actionable way, which is how the project's client would use the Animal Shelter application to locate, select, and deploy rescue animals.  The most fundamental benefit to Grazioso Salvare was to gain access to data about the location and potential of the most sought-after breeds and ages from the vast pool of data that was available, but too large to easily use.  The automation of querying for those dogs which matched their specifications saved search time and allowed the client to focus more on other aspects of their work.
